Messy stuff
Dragon Iron, did you make it yourself?
It's different from everyone else's.
It's fake at first glance
I'm warning you!
Get out of here with your hire
Very good
You're as mean as ever
I don't want to argue with you.
Call the person in charge of your banquet
I need to see him.
I said big brother
I suggest you forget it.
Anyway, your surname is still Ye
You can afford to lose people
I, Ye Rulong, can't afford to lose
shut up
The young main filial piety person in charge naturally has his reasons
It's better if you don't talk nonsense here
I'll call the person in charge now
Come later
I'll see what you do.
Rego
You go and see if the owner of the temple has arrived.
If the owner doesn't arrive
How can we hold the Daxia Chamber of Commerce?
Ah, but the owner I don't know?
The temple has been notified
At that time
The owner will appear with the dragon body
By the way, you ask the security guard to pay more attention
Don't get the wrong person.
If you offend the owner
You and I are both going to be unable to eat and walk around, yeah yeah
Hey, what's up?
Zhang Shao, someone broke into the banquet here